README.md, before:

![divi-accessibility](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/6676674/26787287/72430f40-49d7-11e7-89ec-a5bf07eb0f97.png)

[![wordpress.org version badge](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/v/accessible-divi.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/accessible-divi/) [![wordpress.org download count badge](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/dt/accessible-divi.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/accessible-divi/)

A WordPress plugin that improves Divi accessibility in accordance with WCAG 2.0 guidelines. While there are many great plugins dealing with improving WordPress theme accessibility, this was developed for issues _specifically_ found within Divi.

## Features

+ Adds appropriate ARIA attributes
+ Improved keyboard navigation in menus
+ Fixes missing & incorrectly assigned labels
+ Makes modules such as __Toggle__ & __Accordion__ focusable and keyboard interactive
+ Adds a visual outline to focusable elements for _keyboard only_ navigation
+ Ability to change _keyboard only_ outline color
+ Fixes Divi incorrectly using screen reader classes
+ Adds skip navigation link optimized for Divi markup
+ Hide icons from screen readers which can effect reading of text
+ Tota11y integration

## Resources

+ [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/)
+ [Tota11y](https://khan.github.io/tota11y/)
+ [Divi](https://www.elegantthemes.com/gallery/divi/)

## Credit

Plugin created by [CampusPress](https://campuspress.com). Plugin icon based off of [The Accessible Icon Project](http://accessibleicon.org/).

Commit message:

Add donation link to Knowbility

README.md, after:

![divi-accessibility](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/6676674/26787287/72430f40-49d7-11e7-89ec-a5bf07eb0f97.png)

[![wordpress.org version badge](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/v/accessible-divi.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/accessible-divi/) [![wordpress.org download count badge](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/dt/accessible-divi.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/accessible-divi/)

A WordPress plugin that improves Divi accessibility in accordance with WCAG 2.0 guidelines. While there are many great plugins dealing with improving WordPress theme accessibility, this was developed for issues _specifically_ found within Divi.

## Features

+ Adds appropriate ARIA attributes
+ Improved keyboard navigation in menus
+ Fixes missing & incorrectly assigned labels
+ Makes modules such as __Toggle__ & __Accordion__ focusable and keyboard interactive
+ Adds a visual outline to focusable elements for _keyboard only_ navigation
+ Ability to change _keyboard only_ outline color
+ Fixes Divi incorrectly using screen reader classes
+ Adds skip navigation link optimized for Divi markup
+ Hide icons from screen readers which can effect reading of text
+ Tota11y integration

## Resources

+ [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/)
+ [Tota11y](https://khan.github.io/tota11y/)
+ [Divi](https://www.elegantthemes.com/gallery/divi/)

## Support

If you would like to make a donation, we encourage you to consider donating to [Knowbility](https://knowbility.org/) and help support their mission to provide access to technology for people with disabilities.

## Credit

Plugin created by [CampusPress](https://campuspress.com). Plugin icon based off of [The Accessible Icon Project](http://accessibleicon.org/).
